 So So So So So So So and it has the storage. And unfortunately, the data storage that I have is not enough to hold the entire program and the entire data that the program may need. Why? It's just expensive. So the good architecture would be to just have it in place. It's not feasible. So usually if you have something new in storage, we call that register. And then from the second-level storage we call it cache. You may have heard of our test. And we also have this notion of the LEI and root cache. So there are multiple processors and they each have their own cache and then have shared. We can talk about it later as well. So this is our end processor storage. And you have memory, or pre-coding random access memory, which is divided by the end of the random type. And then you have, there it's called secondary storage, where data is stored persistently. So the program and the data is stored, but when it's stored nothing happens to it. So it becomes a program when you load it into RAM. And I wanted to show you, out of the video, This guy is called Computer Phil and he has a lot of fun videos on how things work. You can check them out. I'll just run a short one, maybe four minutes. So let's watch and then we'll discuss what you see. So, I'm here. I don't know if my phone is going to work, but we're on this small room. So you can have it. And here is the maximum. It's not water, it's just water. And I'll allow it with my fingers. How do you go from a simple calculator to recording video games or signing stuff on the internet or even decompressing and displaying the millions of pixels in this video? In short, what's your computer actually doing? Behind me is a scaled up version of a computer, but where you go much, much simpler. If you take part with a phone or PC, somewhere in the heart of it will be a central processing unit, or CPU, connected to all the other devices that make it work. Now, I'm sure we've already made some examples, but I'm going to use all those devices. The first one we are going to use is the clock. Whenever we tick the clock, our CPU goes to a step in what's called the fetch execute cycle, or fetch, decode, execute. This clock is quite magic. It will hit text every time I click my fingers. In In In In In In In So, that is our computer. Let's run a simple program. All it's going to do is count up. The processor has to reset, fetch, decode, execute, it will just repeat those little things. That's the one thing that's actually built into it. So, we use instructions, actually in memory. So, let's load our program into RAM. Now, RAM is also used to store our answers, our outputs. In the real world, people always store them in binary, but let's not overcompensate right now it's keep it human, we do it. An instruction has two parts. The first part is the instruction itself, and the second part is usually a memory address. On each clock tick, the CPU will do one of three things. It will fetch an instruction from a memory address. It will be done by the instruction, and it will execute that instruction round and round in a row. So it's gonna count up, we're gonna be able to number, and add one to it, over and over again. Fetch, one clock tick. The program counts this step to zero, so the CPU fetches the instruction and puts it into the instruction register. The CPU decodes the instruction. The first part is the instruction and the second part is the location. In our case, the instruction is the one where the address is 6, so we will be loading the value of address 6 into the accumulator. The CPU executes this instruction, takes the value of address 6 and puts it into the accumulator. In this case, the value is 1. The program now has implemented the instruction. Fetch. The program has implemented the CPU-DX instruction in the next bit of the memory. Decode. The CPU decodes the instruction. This time it's an, and the address is 7, so we'll be adding what's to address 7 if it was already in the accumulator. Execute. The CPU executes the instruction and the value is address 7, and in this case it's the value 1. 1 plus 1 is 2. Fetch. From the next bit of the memory, location number 2. Decode an instruction to store the value in the incinerator into the ground at address 6. Execute. Now notice that we are overwriting what's already there, so address 6 now has 2 in it instead of 1. Fetch an inner structure. Jump. We'll then jump the next address we've patched from is the one in this instruction. Decode. So we're going to jump to address number 1. Execute. The problem counter is now back at 1. The ability to jump, to loop and develop instructions recursively is one of the foundations of computer science. So, we're back at that. Fetch the location 1. Decode. Hit the add instruction again. Execute. Our keynotes still contain the values from before, so 2 plus 1 is 3. Fetch. Decode. Store. Again. Execute. Store it into location number 6. latch, decode, execute, and we jump again, latch, decode, execute, latch, decode, execute. Whatever we do, I will change the reference by one on every space clock sign. Our program with these simple instructions Yeah, so we have units, we still have objects, and we don't have a hold command or any way to interrupt it, so it will just keep implementing that value by one. And so remember, if it's so large, it can no longer be held by a memoryless. How it works then? Well, that's a whole other video. I think it's a tie up. Listen, listen, stop it here for a second, right? You get it that's how it works. This is important to keep in mind later because we will consider what happens if this process is interrupted somewhere and that data is corrupted. What can we deduce from here? What do you think is the C code or high level code that leads to this? Only. Huh? Only. Only. Only, right? I don't like this. So, we have the soccer, the rest, right? and then you just repeat it. So this is a typical statement that as you have seen, it's kind of a bunch of operations in reality. Life is really prepared, bad-by-tools and full of facts. Also, something to remember for the future. And notice how he's using addresses. I see in the central rail as much as he's a parking driver. But more than addresses, that's pretty much what happens. Because people have to comment. Then the Korea Assembly is just a way of looking at the things that people are getting access to. That loan store and then do some calculations and jumps in the polls. code. Sometimes you may be adding not just the specific address but still giving the number. To just say add them to the specific number of the address. So this is kind of telling There's a little number, there's all these addresses with questions. Okay? Let's see, if we have questions over there, anything on there? Okay, so, um, Yes? So, I think, like, this was true. What is telling the computer that, like, Address 1 to add 7 Address 2 store 6 Address 1, what is going to be here? We just write this code here and execute it So we map it to this That is the compiler, compiler is related to this other code I guess the mapping is address 6 and 7 because that's what something we have to do, so then do we also have to mark, like, again, C0123 to tell it, like, we're going to fix, I've done it in store six. This will be done for us. Okay. So, one of the things we didn't talk about is the operating system. The operating system is another program, but that's kind of mismanaged. Are we changing this memory for us? We left some physical address space, so some chunk of O'Malley, and schedules for this go-to-run, as opposed to running out of time. And, yeah, so we didn't have to move out ourselves, but this was happening to us. Exactly. Um, for life. Just to come back to you. We're going to be coming back to this. Because it will come handy in parallel. But that's the issue. So any program is translated to this. So all languages, a kind of what we call a true or a false, we can do exactly the same thing. It's just some of the useful process or instructions. Smart use, smart use of memory. And doing a lot of work ahead of time makes R++ code faster than, again, compared to a flat-bottom book. Or a job on the border. Okay, so we got it up to here. Very thoughtful of an idea. So our memory is continuous, chunk of continuous loss, the numbers, usually the numbers are in half decimal, so much more talk is a little bit about later, but you can see that one or two, one three, one four, that's the sequential memory. The number in bytes, what else is interesting, right? And when the process runs, it then allocates it, in which the code of the program is there, the function space for static there, and then the two spaces that we talked about last time, static here. And in this case, it was like stack holes, well, it didn't basically any problem. So the step was function calls, data associated with function calls, function characters, return values, return address. When a function is called, you need to know where to come back to. And you need to store some dynamically allocated data and we'll look at these. I just want us to know that the lab is too, too alien. Usually, they're not even somewhere in the memory. They're presented and continue as a glass space in which hip grows up and step grows down in memory. So these sound different, they can have different languages for their own stepping hip. But we'll use the example of five-year-old kids, of course, So, overall this is the idea. So let's look at something else. I'll read it to you, alright? If I... If I write this code, I declare integer A, I put 10 in it. And this is me. And you can imagine the grid somewhere, a slot, where 10 is 4. And then I also declared, going to the initializer to null pointer, you can do zero or null in other code, in other simple classes, no. And so that kind of depends. But then I could just say that I want p to store the address of a. Right? So I also use this address sum to say give me the address of the integer and put it in pointer. So pointer is not enough to send address sum data. So when I bring this, which is p, 10. When I say T, the address that is stored. So this is the address of A. We have a possibility to see the value that is stored on this address using the reference and operator. So notice how asterisk has two meanings with different comments. This is the credit and pointer. This is the reference and operator. The reference can say, go to the address and tell me the value of that thing. So in this case, it will bring... I can then do some pointer math. Pointer math being like, hmm, I'm listening to the pointers. And in this case, address, when an ad is born to the address store. What it does for me is it actually added 4 to this value. And in the textbook let's see, but you can imagine it added 4 because the start of the literature in this architecture is 4 bytes. So, it's very difficult. We going to work on We going to talk about some of the things that we doing And we going to talk about this There are some four bags full of things in here And this is one of them And this is the other one. This is the other one. And this is the other one. Why are you closing them? What? Why are you closing them? is why how can they take conditions right so in some lectures you have two master teachers and some will have four so this is generally a good thing So, P is a memory address. Why isn't this one? Why isn't keeping four human names at the time? So P.2 should be here. And the next thing in memory is here, the myself. Why is the next thing in memory not one? Why does it have to be four? This whole variety, this whole four bars are reserved for this value. So if you wanted the next memory address that you could read your life from, read your life to, would be four bars down. This is not something you usually come. This is what we call potential identity. I am not going to go into this. It's not your regular identity. You would expect to see one. Right? You would have spent this. This should be 9. Right? Because you just added 1. But in fact it advances by the next level of both. Well, we don't even know if it's available. But we know that this is not. Yeah. 1. Yeah. Let's see that in a moment. Just wanted to highlight it and we'll go back to it and we'll be seeing it just to have this first look. But this is what I've done. I went to the address. So I get out and I scan random address. This is the address I would leave my integer. This, I don't have any clue what's there. And I went ahead and derecorded it. Right? I said go to my address and get the value there. And it happened to people feeling like that. Like equally anything. And so I just read from the area where I was not supposed to be from. That's where people say, see, your class is too dangerous. That's when you will start a straight attack and stuff like that. Because if I have, I don't know, I have function code and I were somehow able to just calculate the address where the other functions work with, I could do with them through this. Right? And I could write to this address. That is corrupted data. That shouldn't happen. So, just a quick... Ok, how are we doing? Ok, let's show Ruby a few problems. I hope you're... Oh, that's a good one, let's show a few problems. Hey there. I did not realize that was going to be like... I knew it was going to be late. I knew I was going to be late. I knew I was going to be late. I knew I was going to be late. I knew I was going to be late. I knew I was going to be late. I knew I was going to be late. I knew I was going to be late. I knew I was going to be late. I knew I was going to be late. I knew I was going to be late. I knew I was going to be late. I knew I was going to be late. I knew I was going to be late. I'm going to do it with the shoe. I'm going to do it with the shoe. I'm going to do it with the shoe. I'm going to do it with the shoe. I'm going to do it with the shoe. I'm going to do it with the shoe. I'm going to do it with the shoe. I'm going to do it with the shoe. I'm going to do it with the shoe. I'm going to do it with the shoe. I'm going to do it with the shoe. I'm going to do it with the shoe. I'm going to do it with the shoe. and don't talk about the others anymore. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. People, a doctor's eye, is fully aware of what we want. And people who've lost one, who's seen enough. That would be a real thing, so... I'm not going to call it a good deal. I'm going to, yeah, you're going to roll with it. But people I know, they're going to say, Pop and smash? People who are such tricky ones. If you used to be okay, like I said, you may see how they're finding little tricks one way or the other, but now there's just a kind of no-deal. So this is not... this is also... Do you have any plans to use form things or whatever to make it zero? I don't know. I mean, no. No. It's just, it's just going to... to whatever. It's fine, I'm fine with whatever. Would it be a good idea to just tell the pilot to use it? Or is that like... like that doesn't work anymore? It works still. It still works. It's just a stretch. It's a little confusing, seeing that... Ah, we might not get through like that. uh-huh see how it's saying that access right so I'm trying to access that graph here which I'm not supposed to so this is what we're insisting that we do right so that's the rules that have so it's very important that you start yeah it's outside of that So, what's's's's chemical commands is limited in humanity and it's a different chemical. In addition, chemicals are virtual. So this is a way of taking... I guess we're not allowed to do that. So I'm not saying you're the compiler or XROM that should do that. I don't have a one definite answer. You should be able to... I know you see you work. I don't know... I've been so given... Yeah, I think you never do. I'll go to that. We can just try. I can just try. We just try. We put a zero in the word. Did that compile and reduce any high-end in the operating system? Or did it not compile? Yeah, it did somehow So when you do that you just never should in the operating system Yeah, I think I'll do it. Cool. Cool. So, let's see what else. So, remember, if you can have the same image, no. Well, only if you can have one. So, the physical memory, the one that actually stores data, has unique memory addresses. But then, everywhere you click on it, it looks different. So, every slide, you can try to think of another example. Like, every city would have a main street, and on every main street there would be house number one. Right? So, we have objective reality. Let's say, down to the different, so we can have location number one. But the mailing address may as well be the same for many houses. So if you have this question on the internet, you can just say it out and say it across. The physical measurement um relations can not happen in this space Virtual measurements can Yes So in that in our dim city example but is each city different ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... So in that sense each program, each process is given a space from 0 to 4,000. So it has address 0, it has address 1, it has address 5, but there is no address. So this is what the math means. This is what the alphabet has to make it quite simple. to make it simpler, to make it safer, to make it look like it has a name, right? So that the program could be in fact translated to, like, optimized in some way. Can you go back to the previous question? Uh-huh. On the code. On the code? Yes. On 9.7 when you assigned 0, if you don't get it selected any time and then you don't see the first reset one, what happens? I think it's an uninitialized variable. It will compile. to be applied to the company's current conditions. But I can totally give it a try. Thank you. Is anything the value of that? I think the initial value is the address of the employment story. No, but the reason I get into the story is decided on the conclusion. No, no, for example. Right, so sometimes the value of that gets the address. Can you see the output? Can you see the output? So... I guess it's the F-side. No? Right. Oh, sorry. So, G is this address. And G plus one is where the F-side is. you can see how 457 457 you can see how yeah so again we are reading from somewhere so that's the that's the the start because of information access access access it's not it's not or I don't know, they are, right? And it's there. So, grammar compilers can make sense of it. So, yeah, we can do that with random numbers. Yeah. If I want to, I can do it. Because every time I run, I get a thing. out of their available virtual hands. This is fun stuff. Let's look at the other ones. Let's look into this. So, we are starting with many of the So, we see that on stack, when frame is created, when the f is passed in the one queue, what happens to those things? We can get a sign for f and y, so how the f is created, Then we compute it, then we print, then we run a math, then we enter the time, for example, 1 plus 2 plus 2, 5, right? I found it to be 8. Then we make a call to b, and we are going to the call to g. Address of B and address of C. So when we run, address of B and address of C are forced into this P and Q. And that's what happens. You don't see the numbers that we've seen in terminal, but you're seeing that this was copied there, and now we have a P and a V. and what is V? It's the value, so take the value of P, take the value of 2 and then multiply. So that's the first part. We bring the concentration. Then we say, ok, make a call to F, but instead of so it has to be, so it's just a document, and it has value every address pointed to value. by 2 which is 2. And then we say, put it in between x and y, 22 by 2. That's a lot of renown there. But then, that's also our x is 5, our y is whatever goes 22 by 2. The copy by 8, and we copy the field, print it, return the product which is 20 oh no, 17 and get out and then print the G return whatever is in B, when you trigger the minus now you are going to get out your product ok, so we get minus 5 and then you go, and I was in high school and I messed up ok, so perhaps I would when I was older, I did what you can do with that, you can add that up so, the one thing I was confused by most was the term the, uh, the star field So what is Adam's shift? How do we interpret? I guess I interpreted right, but can we cue off, like that's Star Street, can you do that in any map? I heard this in... like my initial thought was that you wouldn't be able to do that because I learned in Maine, right? Since seeing it in Maine and like it's just like passive thing, but is it because it is a culture that points back to your own... That's a very interesting question, right? So what that caused you? If I understand you right, what that caused you when you were told the second time? or, how does that become? When G was called, the air dresser seat was copied. Right? Number 30. When it's called to G, they were sat in. With the air dresser seat. So, 70 or whatever number it was, didn't get copied, but the air dresser got copied. Now, we both have the same address. So if I say, this is in the fridge, now we both know this is in the fridge. So if you go to E-List, next time I check, it's not going to be there. Right? So the changes that happen in the function are therefore visible to me. Yeah. So like in... Q itself disappears. Right. So when G exits, Q itself disappears. And this is pretty much how functions work. Like, this is how you end the function. And the only reason we were able to change something that wasn't in that... In the scope of G? Yeah, in the scope of G, it's because we have the address. So in F, we just have the values that we passed in. So in F, we only have that in Y, which were local to F, and we have no connection to outbox. We have no hash loop. So if in there you said a equals 5, and you didn't declare it as 0, so it is what it is. Right, so now you're happy. Right. And if it says in a equals 5, it's your fault for there. Okay. Yeah. On time 11, if it's a value, we have, if you represent Q and Q is a nullifier then, would a nullifier based on the type, or would a tri-dual be referenced Q? Good question. You're not going to say what you saw. You're going to say something. So the question is this. What is not to do? The right thing. I know. I would use parentheses. I would use parentheses. Just do yourself. What would it do? I think it would know. So it could depend on the precedence. and then... I don't know what... I think it's like 6 plus 8 So, if... ok, so there's a G Down... Yeah, 6, that's what I'm trying to say Yeah, that's what I'm trying to say So, the reference is first and then all the positions Ok Oh, because there's a... The reference to it wasn't all clear-pointed So it's not an implication. But obviously I don't like code like this. It's true, like, yeah. Just saying that we can't do that. I mean, I'm sorry. Okay. So, hello? Okay, we're good. So basically, human being, how parameter the past using? using a graphic or using the actual values. What else is there? The one thing, so what happens here? I will be integer, j will be pointer to that integer, j will be pointer to j. That's pointer to pointer. So I also just put it in a tutor just to show you how the errors work. So when you have, so you have K is constant to J, which is inverse of I. So now, what is K? K contains inverse of J. asterisk, one asterisk, K is this, constant of J, which is address of I. And double asterisk, K is I. So what else is this? We want to know the number of times... No, this is just the difference between the earth-style speech and the yoga, in that you've got to convert the point of the soul to the sense of the session. So you cannot do that through the voice. It is formed due to... So you can perform a need, have a voice, form your voice into a voice, but you cannot do that through the sound. You'll have to have a sound version. So you're saying that first one... So that's not important. And you're right for the voice. And you'll realize what is that. A natural sound. No, because that's a value. That's a reference. We convert the portion to the portion we want. And then the reference is to the other one. So the first one comes out there and the second one is 10. Yes, but is it a dereferenced response of the status? Is it because it's a dereferenced response of the status? Yes. So you can talk about which one is a fixed response and which one is a more fixed one. So the first one is more. You cannot dereference and wait for it. In SQL's class, in one point I have a specified length of the script, the 10, but also all the parameters in the rest of the bits that void characters have to do. I think it's 16 or something. I don't know if this is the only thing I'm asking. I took the figure of 10 so you could put any data type in void. Yes, so that's probably why. and you'll get all the targets. So we're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. So we're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. So it is one point. So I can answer your question because neither of those options will happen. It just won't compile for this video. Right? So, yeah. So because you can't do reference and voice, you have to convert it to the right side. Yes. So why would you use a null pointer if you have to... No, you're foolish! You are! And a lot of these things that we are looking at today, you will see because of the nonsense like this stuff. Instead of this nonsense that's not going to be heard, you'll tell it anyway. Like, they are addressable. They are... which can be manipulated from safe ways so we're just understanding the process so that we can transition to our new pointers but you will see this code and you will see the limitations of this and then you gotta know what's happening so if we do a task to a flow pointer instead and try to clear out this gate what would happen? I think it would be good to just allocate that strategy to be there I wouldn have to play this So I mean they won let you cast to a different type of player I would expect that it wouldn change I think it should be alright, let's see. And then those ones too. ok, ummm yeah, there's no compiling on it, but it's yeah, I think it's just it might need to stay out all the time oh, just back out for a second yeah, it's a big mistake what? it's a big mistake it's a big mistake it's a big mistake it's a big mistake it's a big mistake it's a big mistake it's a big mistake I don't know. Is this an extension? It's an extension. It's an extension. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Okay, interesting. Interesting discussion. Let's look at the the link. So, our course wants a continuous chunk of memory. Right, I could want the one spot. Or, as we go from the thesis chapter, to say, Dana, I'm thinking of a thesis chapter. I'm thinking of a vector. I'm thinking of a method. You think of vector coordinates. You think of sets of factors. You're going to think of numbers one. And you're going to think of numbers one. And so you're going to say that the thesis chapter is not a thesis chapter. Dana, in a real paper in the rain, That was the most basic container. And there we could have any unit, we could have the array itself, and we could have a pointer to the beginning of this array. So now, we don't forget the beginning, because array itself is a pointer to the beginning of the array. So what happens when we send it? So what do we see on A now? Now, in the area of the beginning of the page. And the same thing is in the end. And then we can start doing this, right? We can do reference from before, do soqueras, and simply if we go to the beginning of the page, it will give us the values at the beginning of the page. And then there, remember what we are doing? We add 1 in terms of this value that I did. So that this will go to the next actual value. So if I have this, this was 10, and the next address that I can work with is this plus 4. That's plus 4, that's 4, that's 4. and we can then hold that address and take it down to the left there and then do this thing So when you declare an array you have to declare like its size but it knows how much memory to out do Yeah Could it always do that memory adjacent thing and do the pointer and things like that? So if your array was two day, then it would, like if, say you only had a slot. So obviously you can use a slot and not a new space. I was trying to think if when you, let's say you had the Kuiper rushes before that and there was such a way that there was no gaps left that it could fit the entire array there what would happen? Like could it fit the chunks that are open still? So in the inferior, like the rough one, in the water, we need to know So if you cannot allocate, or you need the problem to run, it doesn't dynamically grow, so you gotta know how many slots you need from the start. Or you won't, as many as you might need, and then try to keep track of where the end is. This is for, for the logic value for the same block and the other one, we don't have to do this ourselves. We use vectors that handle them for us, behind the scenes. So if I need more values, they all take my data and put it in some other way. But that's why this kind of fundamental part, right, how do you work with a configuration. And you'll see this quote a lot. Only one of those in the question. Yes. Can you use the 18 o'clock book? I'll bring it on the wedding. In the 7th anniversary. Where is the wedding that I read? In the company. And they say it's not as dry. Like, I'm afraid to say no because there's like, some things in the first meeting you can look. That's because the first meeting was one when you see like the first wedding. Yeah, I'm the only one. Oh God, here. You're still warm. The instant you start to create the rain, like the day up there. The day that I had the first night. Oh, oh you're saying like... The day you died. I think I'm... What? Isn't it the first night? I can tell you sex because it's just like the point. You're the first guy. You're probably the first guy that's... You know, the thing is that they're rape, right? I think it's great. I can't remember too much. Yeah, I think that's better. Yeah, yeah, I think that's better. Okay, go ahead. Do you get some music, uh, after you get it applied? This would just be the first, like, I don't know if it's like that or if we need to do it alone. You don't need to specify this. Or do you want to do it with one or the other? Yeah, do it. Okay, I just need to try and not have to put anybody in a client that would give you a client or a thing that has to be applied to the client's behalf. It's just not going to help. Yeah. If you wanted it to be bigger, you couldn't, like if you wanted it to be ten long, you couldn't take it ten. Yeah, at all. It's kind of one of those things you should do this time. I'm pretty sure you should do it. So, that is interesting. Back to the, when it's compiling and allocating and stuff, does it just have like, so you talked earlier about with the bird and the feather coming in does it just start at the top and just sequentially do everything? Does it work or does it travel around a lot of the time? Why are there the tip of the head? The head is just a memory or just a column It can't just be an address, right? Yeah, what it is. First very least, you can't keep four lights on. Next one. like we were just moving up like that I don't know, but I think it's the same as East and West I think that would be different because they're broken up into items which are different blocks and then they're all over the actual memory and then either of them is like, I don't know, something So the other party there, no, you put the same as East Some of the things we do are in fact more often than others. I would expect some of the memories to be open or virtual space. It's an attraction, right? It's nothing. It's nothing you have there. You may even have more virtual memories than you have physical friends. And through swapping family content with features with this, it means that people have to have a lot. And that's why we're holding another conversation. So I'm going to talk about a few more things. We can talk after class. I'm happy to talk about them. Okay, so yeah. So that's what happens when our array, what else is there? So we have characters, charts, right, so they are stored in one box. We have... We have... So, as a child, by the way, we will have a question about what happens if you add one to the sample. Child, this is one. We just said one. Ah, and here is it. So here, I have this random number, and I'm adding whatever my character is to it. of course you put on a high face and this works so this is again something not very nice that there is this opportunity to add data of different types you brought it forward with results and let's see what it does for us So it actually does the math. Based on ASCII characters. So, you know what we use for characters? We don't even have to store numbers. So there's this mapping of characters to numbers. ASCII code. There's no characters stored in the store. the number that corresponds to the character that we want. And because it was developed by Jetham Cullinan, the original mapping is lacking characters. But you could come up with any convention, like convert those numbers to surveillance characters, or to county, or to whatever, and then draft extensions for after. So, if I go to the recording table, put down to the details the numbers for the character, and then manipulate the numbers and that... But that happens. And then we have strings, right? So strings are the body characters, area characters. I'll call them, or we call them, T-style strings. That is what the first thing is where we are going to use the limit in this code. I was ready to play, I made a good decision to play. There are some basic functions available for this key function. So we basically allocate things, like I said before, we can initialize, we can allocate as a 10 characters and call our main thing to those 10 characters. And how we need to guard between garbage and the character. So we want to put what's called a now character and this is why we call it now character. And so then we do use the number of meaningful characters before the now and we can do the same thing with other characters. So strings are just like the regular characters. We can have a regular string. Um, and then we, in other words, we were, maybe let's look, let's look at this. There's one. And here goes the tutor. We can also allocate using the dynamic allocation. I hope you caught this one. Yeah, let's go ahead and do that first. So, there is no way to define this query. Then we worked on the Jotar before, which was indexing with the user referencing, here are the spreadless arrays, and then we did that. So most people would prefer to see that. So, this will allocate memory only to the rest of the stack. This is a reflection of the directly allocated memory and in contrast with the memory allocated on the step. Memory allocated on the step is cleared up when the function ends. Memory allocated on the step may not be allocated until it is explicitly, it may not be generally written back until it is issued in. And these are the two principal differences. And we'll talk about memory distribution in a little bit. One of the things I wanted to mention here, before we go, is the concept of reference. So C++, these are all C++. C++ is a promotion of reference. Reference is at the end of the value of a specific memory location. So here I have...